h1. Some examples on how to use buildr.apache.org

I often struggled a while, till I got all the small details right for a certain problem. Therefore I started this project.

It contains various subdirectories, which contain each a small, self contained buildfile which exercises a specific problem.

* antwrap
** simple example of how to use antwrap. Shows effect of :declarative
** example using Buildr.ant
** shows how to define Java properties
* izpack
** Howto create an IzPack installer for two java projects
** Uses Buildr.ant to wrap the izpack Ant task
* p2site
** Create an eclipse p2site with 2 features (uses buildr4osgi)
** assumes a eclipse artifact somewhere in the path
* wikitext_to_pdf
** Needs fop and an installed eclipse
** Transforms this readme.textile to a pdf
** uses wikitext_to_xslfo
** uses Buildr.ant
** tests whether generated zip file really contains the desired PDF file
* java_and_scala
* pde_unittest
** Running unit tests for Eclipse PDE project
** handling a project which contains java and scala files and where java files depend on scala
* pde_unittest
** Running unit tests for Eclipse PDE project
** Not elegant, but show the way (I hope)
* eclipse_extensions
** Packages two examples of Eclipse RCP application
** Runs PDE test for an RCP
** Uses buildr Extension
* debian
** Simple Debian packet with a post-inst script

I developed and tested the examples on my Debian wheezy (x86_64) system.
Running the tests under windows showed several problems (e.g. wikitext_to_xslfo does
not handle the example).

Comments, feedback are welcome and can be sent via E-Mail to niklaus.giger@member.fsf.org.
